hey ice ray with phone Reena here drink
up we hands-on video with the new LG L
990 smartphone it's a new mid Ranger by
LG they just in vail they're you know
here at MWC it's part of the new L
Series three line of smartphones
it's decent respect yet decided in the
mid range where it's 4.7 inch display
with quarter HD resolution which is 540
by 960 pixels the processor inside is
made by Qualcomm it's the MSM 82 2026
it's a quad-core chip clocked at 1.2
gigahertz and as you can see performance
seems to be pretty decent here with this
handset black seems to be minimal
hopefully it states so once you set up
your profile your accounts and stuff
like that but as I said it's made to be
an affordable product even though it's
the L 90 which is the highest tier of
the L Series on the back we have an 8
megapixel cameras which in some markets
is going to be a 5 megapixel camera in
there is also an LED flash here the
build quality of this device is nothing
really special it has this old-school LG
appearance and on the back the plastic
which which it's made of is that matte
plastic there is pattern here on top but
overall it's feeling pretty cheap to to
cut a long story short it's coming with
Android 4.4 KitKat and LG's custom user
interface on top
which brings in your security feature
called NOC code so not called
from the g2 you know it used to wake the
screen up now with no code you can
create a knockin pattern here which
allows you to unlock your phone so I
guess the pattern here is this one and
there you go we have just unlocked the
phone and what happens if someone opts
to use the key then you are presented
with this area here where you have to
perform your combination and there you
haven't we have unlocked your LG l90 so
that was our quick hands on lock with
the LG l90
if you guys want to learn more about it
don't hesitate to check us out at phone
arena calm